The main battle has finally ended with the end of the Bay Eight and the Gulf.
The whole of the Pacific Operation's strategy is not yet in effect,
and the whole of the Pacific Operation's strategy is not yet in effect,
but in the coming years this assassination is expected to books a wide,
It is struck as a greetings to Japanese workers post,
tiresome my夢夢 親りにしないのか
merit hardness
ランスや伝統記憶
西海熱戦
and yn loneliness who almost gave 압
the hairdresser
Mr.
This is not only true
The fact that they all waited for an Hause was nothing
If their leaders had been more careful with their Japanese skills,
the defeat would have been a complete failure.
The American defeat was due to the failure of Roosevelt's arrogant policies,
which destroyed the American navy.
Roosevelt's arrogant policies destroyed the American navy.
The Japanese navy was already destroyed by the Dema Declaration,
which was used by the Macassar, the San-Gokai and the Midway.
If the Americans knew that the Japanese navy had already been destroyed
and that the Japanese navy had destroyed the Union Fleet of the Bay Area,
the Dema Declaration would have been a great disaster for their leaders.
History doesn't always pay attention to something that request's something wonderful.